---
slug: welcome
authors: 
  - ryan
tags: [welcome]
date: 2024-05-20
search:
  exclude: true
---
# Welcome to Unofficial Propel! 🌟

Hey everyone,

Welcome to the launch of Unofficial Propel! 🚀 We are thrilled to have you join our growing community dedicated to making the most out of Propel Software. Whether you're a seasoned power user or just beginning your journey with Propel, this is the place for you. 

## What is Unofficial Propel?
Unofficial Propel is a community-driven platform where end-users can connect, share resources, and collaborate on best practices for using Propel Software. This site is built by users, for users, providing a space to share tools, code, and documentation to help everyone get the most out of the Propel platform. 

## What Can You Expect?
- **User-Generated Tools and Code**: Find and share tools and code that enhance your Propel experience.
- **Community-Driven Documentation**: Access and contribute to a comprehensive knowledge base created by users like you.
- **Propel User Group**: Connect with other Propel users, share your experiences, and learn from each other.

## Important Notes
- **Unofficial Resources**: This is an unofficial set of resources created by end-users and is not officially supported by Propel.
- **No Commercial Support**: The tools and content provided here are used at your own risk, with no commercial support available.
- **Be Respectful**: We strive to maintain a positive and respectful community. Please ensure your interactions contribute to a constructive environment.

## How to Get Involved
We encourage you to dive in and start participating! All our resources are currently hosted on our [GitHub page](https://github.com/unofficialpropel). Feel free to contribute to the repositories, share your insights, and help us build a robust community.

Does code and Github scare you?  Head over to the [PUG](https://pug.unofficalpropel.com) and suggest your ideas and feedback.  Many of the resources and discussions from topics in the forum may end up here!

## Your Feedback Matters
As we continue to build out Unofficial Propel, your feedback and contributions are invaluable. Let us know what you need, what works, and what can be improved. Join the discussions in our forum, and don't hesitate to suggest new ideas.

Together, we can create a vibrant and resourceful community that empowers every Propel user. We're excited to see what we can achieve together!

Happy Propelling! 🌟

Best,  
Ryan and the PUG team
